
# Tabletop Simulator Card Generator
Inside this repository is a python script to generate a series of card/deck images to be used in Tabletop Simulator custom content. Currently, tts-card-handler offers one square card template with customizable font and text values.

## Dependencies
This card generator relies on Python and the Pillow library. Ensure that you have the latest versions installed before proceeding.
## Usage
Inside the decks directory is a text file, default.txt. The easiest way to use the card generator is to modify this file to hold a desired card on each line. You can view the default file for an example of this.
After adding your card text to default.txt, run `main.py`. If all is successful,  individual card images will be generated in `cards/default` and stitched images (many cards combined together into one, larger image) can be found in the `cards` directory.
By default, the script generates stitched images of the form `default_x_y,png`, where `x` signifies the order in which the images were made and `y` is the number of individual cards contained in the stitched image. 
These stitched images are what you likely want to use if you are making custom content for tabletop simulator. If you just wanted to make many individual card images, then don't worry about the stitched files! 
## Tips

 - If you wish to add a line break in a card, use the % character
 - In order to import cards into Tabletop Simulator, you must use an online image hosting service (such as imgur) and provide the game with a URL to the images
 - To use a custom font, add one to the fonts folder and edit the `FONT_PATH` and `FONT_SIZE` in `main.py`
 - If you want to use your own card template, ensure that it is square, and replace the `template.png` file found in the `cards` directory
 - If you are familiar with Python and the Pillow library, you can edit the script as you see fit. There are comments provided within that should help!
## Examples
- [Priorities](https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2755694517) on the Steam Workshop uses cards generated by this script.

